#RetroFutureGame - Lore corner
####This is the lore corner of the game, here the lore behind the game is stated.

This game takes place decades (or centuries) after an accident at a strange research facility. Little is know about this place. It lies in a peaceful nature place. There is a little well and a courtyard with a big statue of the company's create, Ara Something. The facility has a huge mansion above ground, where supposedly medical research was being made. But nobody really knew this for a fact. 

The truth is, there was something going on underground. The owner of the facility found some strange material (could be from a mushroom or ore) that could be manipulated and then used to rewrite genom. When the owner found this, he built up a secret lab in the undergrounds, connected to the bottom of the well. Here the owner hired a bunch of scientists and started experimenting on animals. These experiments changed the behaviour and look of them completely. This resulted in the first blobs that the player meets. The owner and the scientists continued in their research and started implementing new features on other animals. Most of the enemies in game comes from these brutal experiments. 

The team became greedier and greedier, for science. With unlimited budget, they created a dungeon and experimentation room in order to capture life forms and keep them under observations for a longer time, this included humans. The conditions were rough and the most brutal experiments were done in these dungeons and experimation rooms. The scientist were afraid that they would be found out after an incident with some people walking around the nature area and admiring the view. They captured these people and threw them down the well. But they still felt unsafe and enlisted a number of security measures, everything from lasers and spikes to giant attacking statues.

They also created a lot of machinery that the scientists could use, everything from making them double jump to mega punch. But when the monsters later attacked, a lot of these technologies were taken by the creatures which they then either used by themself or spread out throught the map.

They continued their research and created something truly horrifying deep in the dungeons, something they had to lock up. They knew they had finally gone to far when one of their own was lost to the beast. Due to bad morale, one of the scientist made an error and the beasts from the dungeons made it out and overwhelmed the facility. They lost room by room to the creatures. In a final effort, the scientist and the owner went into the experimental area and made one last transformation on the owner, into a mighty warrior. But as the owner was transformed, so was his mental space and he became savage and dangerous. He killed all remaining scientists and then went into a deep slumber.

Many many years went by and the facility lives its own life now. No one dares go near it until the property was bought by a rich investor. Since this person doesn't belive in the myths, he hires an investigator (you!) to go to the facility and find out what really happened. Have fun!

*//Felix*